This is a stock Market and News recap we
are looking at the Dow Jones sitting
just below 20,000 right now it's unable to crack it if it does surpass 20,000
at Oil at $3 a barrel
We're looking at Bitcoin falling
$00 and It's Now sitting around
837 at the time of this recording Gold We're seeing it right now at 1172 and I believe that this has been trading
which is has a Trend particularly for
Department ST china's foreign exchange
reserves are actually still remaining
above 3 trillion that's a Key Number
right there as well and last but not
least according to the US Putin himself
ordered the whole hacking to take Place
which allows trump to Become the US
presid that's the claim anyway I don't
know many people believe it and that's
all for this video if you please give a
thumbs up and if you didn't give me a thumbs
Down